All right guys so we have here are three previous lists.
Less now less.
Less so given every Avengers for position for each position I search among the previous positions from
the last.
From the left position that contains a smaller value stored this value at position I.
And the answer is there is no such value.
We found a negative one.
So you'll see here we have three and then five.
Three is less than five.
So we're going to there is no value less than 30 so I don't know of one.
And then we continue on through the array in terms of.
Hence I forget put on here but on shift with something I use in here.
The rest is just pure logic.
I understand the problem.
So let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right so the hardest part of this one was really just understanding what they were asking and what
we have to do is we have to answer a negative one when there isn't a index value that's less than its
previous.
And so the way that I went about that was I created a two dimensional array where I created an array
that I iterated through twice and when I found an item that was greater than the previous item I I shifted
that item into it.
If that exists if that never existed and we hit the end of that second iteration I added a negative
one.
So I did this in reverse order because for his for some reason it makes more sense to me.
So you're going to cost you and we're going to say less than list and this is going to be a number.
All right.
So you could go to Eric.
Let's go and start Khokha up real quick.
And at the end here what we want do is honor turn in less than list.
Nice.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to Adrie this into the proper area.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to create a for loop or in deck right backwards which means
we're going to be equal to the items start lamps minus one because there's no index value on items on
Lance.
And then we have I is greater than or equal to zero.
Well that is a true statement.
Continue iterating and then just deck meant by one.
Nice.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to do it now the for loop.
Let J equal to I mean the current index we're iterating on.
And while J is greater than or equal to zero J.
Mine is mine.
So this skill allows iterate from the position that we're in in the array so that we don't know we aren't
doing duplicate checks and we are only checking the previous values for here.
Now what we have is a little bit of a complicated if else statements.
It's not that complicated but you say if items
is greater than items J which means this is a truce essentially a true statement.
I mean that the.
Because we're decrementing backwards.
The item is greater or if you look at if you're going for is a current item is less than we're then
going to say are cool that passes and then we're going to say on shift that value items J onto it like
so else and then break because we don't want to do it more than once.
So break else else if Excuse me.
If
we want to say if J is ever equal to zero.
We've gone through the array and we've gone through all the previous items in the array.
None of them matches this and we're going to say less than less.
On shift and that means that in our case there is any previous value.
We're just going to go ahead and throw in negative one like so and like so and we should be good to
go here.
And we expected did we.
If it was we are secretly racist.
That's what happened.
And they're real.
So I found the hardest part of this one personally I was just trying to understand what they were asking
and that's what I think is one of the challenges that you get when you start working through these algorithms
as well is you have to read typically not very good instructions and these are coming straight from
algorithm sites.
And I think that's almost intentional.
At least I like to think it is to add a little bit of a challenge.